com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/api/ApiFunctions.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.api.ApiFunctions
com/jaimrooc/junit/example/paymentplatform/PaymentRequest.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.example.paymentplatform.PaymentRequest
com/jaimrooc/junit/example/paymentplatform/PaymentProcessor.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.example.paymentplatform.PaymentProcessor
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/cli/CLIFunctions.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.cli.CLIFunctions
com/jaimrooc/functions/NestedFunctions.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.NestedFunctions
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/discounts/PriceCalculator.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.discounts.PriceCalculator
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/mvc/movies/model/Genre.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.mvc.movies.model.Genre
com/jaimrooc/functions/OperatorsExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.OperatorsExample
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/CommanderFunctions.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.CommanderFunctions
com/jaimrooc/junit/ExceptionsExamples.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.ExceptionsExamples
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/JobPosition.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.JobPosition
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/JobSearch.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.JobSearch
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/mvc/movies/model/Movie.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.mvc.movies.model.Movie
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/cli/CLIHelpValidator.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.cli.CLIHelpValidator
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/api/APIJobs.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.api.APIJobs
com/jaimrooc/junit/PlayerMockitoExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.PlayerMockitoExample
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/mvc/movies/data/MovieRepository.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.mvc.movies.data.MovieRepository
com/jaimrooc/functions/StreamsTypeExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.StreamsTypeExample
com/jaimrooc/junit/StringUtil.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.StringUtil
com/jaimrooc/junit/example/paymentplatform/PaymentGateway.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.example.paymentplatform.PaymentGateway
com/jaimrooc/functions/SAMExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.SAMExample
 com.jaimrooc.functions.SAMExample$TriFunction
com/jaimrooc/junit/mockitos/Dice.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.mockitos.Dice
com/jaimrooc/junit/PasswordUtil.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.PasswordUtil
 com.jaimrooc.junit.PasswordUtil$SecurityLevel
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/cli/CLIArguments.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.cli.CLIArguments
com/jaimrooc/functions/practice/jobsearch/cli/CLIKeywordValidator.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.practice.jobsearch.cli.CLIKeywordValidator
com/jaimrooc/functions/PredicateExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.PredicateExample
 com.jaimrooc.functions.PredicateExample$Student
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/fizzbuzz/FizzBuzz.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.fizzbuzz.FizzBuzz
com/jaimrooc/functions/FunctionExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.FunctionExample
 com.jaimrooc.functions.FunctionExample$1
com/jaimrooc/functions/StreamsExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.StreamsExample
com/jaimrooc/junit/example/paymentplatform/PaymentResponse.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.example.paymentplatform.PaymentResponse
 com.jaimrooc.junit.example.paymentplatform.PaymentResponse$PaymentStatus
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/leapyear/DateUtil.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.leapyear.DateUtil
com/jaimrooc/functions/OptionalExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.OptionalExample
com/jaimrooc/functions/ConsumerAndSupplierExample.java
 com.jaimrooc.functions.ConsumerAndSupplierExample
com/jaimrooc/junit/tdd/mvc/movies/service/MovieService.java
 com.jaimrooc.junit.tdd.mvc.movies.service.MovieService
